doc: update how-to, reference landing pages (#1348)
canonical/microcloud: doc/reference/index.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     description: An index of reference guides for MicroCloud that cover the architecture of the MicroCloud Cluster Manager, common CLI commands, deployment requirements, releases, and snap details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: An index of MicroCloud reference guides covering the MicroCloud Cluster Manager architecture, CLI commands, deployment requirements, releases, and snap details.
```
